 
Dear Niels,
I am attaching here my small hive beetle02 file, along with the modified weather file to go along with it. I modified the file jus to be sure there would be no question of weather playing a role (and indeed it does not, apart from speeding things up a bit compared to the whole Harlingen weather file, mainly because average temperatures in May were rather warmer than those in January). I set fecundity to one per day.
 
Now, you had pointed out that initialInflow was 400 but that, I believe, was mass. Initial adult number was 20. I think that the 400 is because of 20 adults x 20 mg apiece. Is that correct? I am pretty sure we would not have decided on an initial population of 400. That’s a ton.
 
Anyway, I am attaching here the output file. I added fecundity to it. You will note that fecundity does what you would think – until day 23 when it collapses to zero, just as we observed in the graph. But it shouldn’t collapse to zero. On day 23 there is still food. Do we have the adults cease laying in the absence of food? Seems like something we would have done, but anyway on day 23 there is definitely food there.
 
Right, so mull this one over…
 
kh.w.
 
 
 
 
 
From: Niels Holst [mailto:Niels.Holst@agrsci.dk] 
Sent: Tuesday, March 05, 2013 9:34 AM
To: Meikle, William
Subject: RE: suggestion
 
Yep. Let's hope for a bette connection tomorrow.
Lots of hugs from Kamma.
See ya,
N.
 
From: Meikle, William [mailto:William.Meikle@ARS.USDA.GOV] 
Sent: 05 March 2013 17:33
To: Niels Holst
Subject: RE: suggestion
 
 
okey doke. So we wrap up this here session?
 
From: Niels Holst [mailto:Niels.Holst@agrsci.dk] 
Sent: Tuesday, March 05, 2013 9:32 AM
To: Meikle, William
Subject: suggestion
 
Dear William,
Could you send me those to recipes and the weather file? Then I can study them till tomorrow and we talk again.
Kh. N.




This electronic message contains information generated by the USDA solely for the intended recipients. Any unauthorized interception of this message or the use or disclosure of the information it contains may violate the law and subject the violator to civil or criminal penalties. If you believe you have received this message in error, please notify the sender and delete the email immediately.